['For smaller, faster, more flexible and higher performance embedded passives such as resistors, capacitors and inductors in integrated circuit, high dielectric constant (high-κ) polymer materials with high thermal conductivity is required [b0005]. Desirable and high-performance energy storage devices are needed to enable efficient, versatile, and environmentally friendly uses of energy including electricity. Hence, problems associated with electric charge storage, transportation and heat dissipation in these materials have been aggravated [b0010 b0015 b0020 b0025 b0030]. Normally, ferroelectric ceramic and metallic particles are incorporated into polymer matrix to achieve high-κ composites, which also present a number of limitations such as high weight, low flexibility, and poor mechanical performance [b0010 b0305 b0040 b0045 b0050]. However, due to the low thermal conductivities of ferroelectric ceramics, large enhancement in thermal conductivity of the resulted polymer-based composites might not be easily realized. Meanwhile, the high volume fraction of traditional micro-scale spherical and rod-like thermal conductive fillers such as aluminum nitride (AlN), silicon nitride (Si3N4) and copper particles, which was necessary to achieve the high thermal conductivity of the composites, cannot afford excellent dielectric properties for the composites [b0055 b0060]. Therefore, the composites with combination of high dielectric constant and high thermal conductivity, though not easy to be achieved, possess great potential in the application of energy storage devices.', 'The existence of interface regions at polymer-filler interfaces has been revealed, and a concept of the multi-core model suggesting the importance of interface regions was proposed. The appropriate design of interface region becomes a critical issue for achieving high-performance materials [b0065 b0070 b0075 b0080 b0085 b0090 b0095]. Recently, several efforts have been performed with focus on interfacial controlling of polymer based composites. Core–shell structured barium titanate (BaTiO3)/poly(methyl methacrylate) nanocomposites were successfully prepared through in situ atom transfer radical polymerization of methyl methacrylate from the surface of BaTiO3 nanoparticles [b0100]. It was observed that all the nanoparticles were embedded in the polymer matrix due to strong interfacial bonding and excellent dispersion of the BaTiO3 nanoparticles. The dielectric permittivity of the core–shell structured hybrid nanoparticles can be tailored by interface region design, that is, varying the polymer shell thickness, but with rare influence upon the relaxation process. Non-covalent and covalent functionalization of boron nitride (BN) nanoplatelets were performed by octadecylamine (ODA) and hyperbranched aromatic polyamide (HBP), respectively, and the effect of functionalized BN nanoplatelets on the thermal properties of epoxy composites was investigated [b0105]. The chemical reaction of HBP functionalized BN with epoxy matrix formed a strong interface, resulting in the best dispersion of nanoplatelets in matrix and the most increment of thermal properties. The physical molecular entanglements between ODA from non-covalent functionalized BN with epoxy matrix produced an intermediate interface interaction, which resulted in relatively good dispersion of nanoplatelets and the moderate improvement of thermal properties. The BN nanoplatelets showed weak interface for the BN/epoxy composites because neither chemical bonding nor molecular entanglement occurred between nanoplatelets and matrix.', 'In addition, owing to high aspect ratio, outstanding physical properties and cost efficiency, graphite nanosheets are considered to be effective filler for dielectric or thermal conductive enhancement in polymer matrix as compared to carbon nanotubes [b0025 b0110 b0115]. The morphology and dielectric properties of layered graphene nanosheet (GNS)/polyvinylidene fluoride composites were intensively investigated, and the composites exhibited much higher dielectric constant and lower percolation threshold than materials filled with carbon nanotubes, which was attributed to the orientation and homogeneous dispersion of GNS [b0120]. Epoxy resin showed poor thermal conductivity but the inclusion of graphite sheets resulted in significant improvements. A 5wt.% graphite oxide-filled epoxy resin showed a thermal conductivity of ∼1W/mK, which is approximately four times higher than that of the neat epoxy resin [b0125]. Despite of many researches on the graphite nanosheet/polymer composites, it is still interesting to explore an approach to obtaining a novel composite with high dielectric constant and high thermal conductivity through interface design. In this present work, we reported a simple strategy to fabricate very thin graphite nanoplatelets (GNPs) with unique characteristics. The aspect ratio of GNPs and the content of oxygen functional groups on basal planes are easily adjustable, which facilitate the interface designing when incorporated with epoxy matrix. A composite with high dielectric constant and high thermal conductivity could be achieved through an appropriate interface region design.']