['Made up of nanometric particles (nanofillers) dispersed in a polymer matrix, nanocomposite materials have been widely studied in the past 20 years. The mechanical reinforcement effect of these nanofillers were soon highlighted. In the particular case of polymer reinforced with rigid nanofillers, various parameters seem to be of importance in characterizing the fillers: geometrical factors such as the shape, the size, and the aspect ratio; intrinsic mechanical characteristics such as the modulus or the flexibility; surface properties such as specific surface area and surface treatment [bib1]. The type of polymer matrix used and the possible effects of nanofillers on its microstructure and its intrinsic properties is also an essential parameter ruling the composite properties. Indeed, the presence of nanofillers could modify the crystallinity of a semi-crystalline matrix, or the cross-linking in a thermoset matrix. Thus, the fundamental understanding of the relations between the microstructure and the mechanical properties of nanocomposites is strongly made easier by using simple amorphous thermoplastic matrices.', 'High aspect ratio fillers are of particular interest because of their high specific surface area. In the case of fibrous nanofillers, previous experimental and theoretical studies have essentially focused on rod-like nanofibers (cf: the work of Favier et al. on cellulose whiskers as fillers in a polymer matrix [bib2 bib3]). However, very high aspect ratio nanofibers display good flexibility properties. Dispersed in polymer matrices, they will create a complex entangled microstructure. The influence of the entanglement rate, the tortuosity of the fillers, their intrinsic properties and the filler–filler interactions on the composite macroscopical properties is not completely understood yet. The need for experimental study and theoretical modeling of model systems have motivated the present work.', 'In order to understand the effect of interactions between nanofibers, two different types of flexible nanofibers were used: cellulose nanofibrils and carbon nanotubes. Moreover, by using two different processing conditions, entanglements and contacts between nanofibers could be modified.', 'The cellulose is a semi-crystalline biopolymer, naturally synthesized as nanofibrils, which constitute the rigid skeleton of numerous species such as plants, some alga or mushrooms and amoebae [bib4]. Eichhorn and Young [bib5] have measured by in situ Raman spectroscopy a value of 25GPa for the longitudinal Young’s modulus of cellulose fibrils. Because of their interesting mechanical properties and the progress made for their extraction and their individualization from natural materials [bib6], cellulose nanofibrils were recently studied as fillers in polymer matrices [bib7 bib8].', 'Concerning carbon nanotubes, papers related to their use in nanocomposite materials are more and more numerous since their discovery by Ijima in 1991 [bib9]. Even if experimental studies [bib10] and theoretical modeling [bib11] have demonstrated high Young’s modulus (of the order of magnitude of 1TPa) and stiffness of carbon nanotubes, their real efficiency as a mean to increase the mechanical reinforcement in polymer matrices is still an open question as suggested by the diversity of the results found in the literature [bib12 bib13 bib14 bib15 bib16]. In addition to their outstanding mechanical properties, carbon nanotubes are good electrical conductive objects [bib17]. Dispersed in an insulating matrix, they allow the material to be conductive above a certain nanotube content, called the electrical percolation threshold; but, here again, results in the literature are very scattered [bib18 bib19 bib20 bib21].', 'The aim of this study is thus to check the efficiency of multi-walled carbon nanotubes (MWNTs) – which were chosen because of their weak interactions (contrary to single-walled carbon nanotubes which form bundles, difficult to disintegrate) – as fillers in a soft thermoplastic matrix and to compare it with that of cellulose nanofibrils. In order to realize this study, model systems were elaborated and tested. Stable suspensions of MWNTs and nanofibrils were, first, mixed with an aqueous emulsion of polymer particles, i.e. a latex. In order to produce composite films, two different processing conditions were then used. We report here dynamic mechanical analysis measurements and electrical characterization of these materials.']