['Poly(vinyl chloride) (PVC) is one of the major thermoplastics used today, and a large amount of PVC is produced worldwide [bib1]. However, processability and thermal stability of PVC are inferior to those of other commodity plastics, like polyethylene and polystyrene [bib2]. Much improvement of the inferior properties of PVC has been carried out by the incorporation of additives such as plastizers, heat stabilizers, lubricants, fillers and copolymerization with other monomers [bib1]. Amongst these methods, compounding PVC with inorganic fillers is a convenient and efficient method. It is well known that the mechanical properties of composites are strongly related to the filler aspect ratio. Hence, polymer/intercalated or exfoliated montmorillonite (MMT) nanocomposites have attracted considerable attention due to their high strength, superior modulus, good heat distortion temperature and enhanced barrier and flame retardant properties [bib3 bib4 bib5 bib6 bib7]. Recently, intercalated PVC/MMT nanocomposites were prepared by melting and solution compounding [bib8 bib9 bib10]. Later, exfoliated PVC/MMT nanocomposites were also synthesized by in situ intercalation polymerization of vinyl chloride (VC) and organic MMT [bib11 bib12 bib13]. However, their low fracture toughness has greatly limited their applications. The challenge is to find novel methods to enhance the fracture toughness [bib14]. In contrast, nanosized particles, like silica and calcium carbonate filled-polymer composites possess greatly improved rigidity and toughness if the ultra-fine phase dimensions of nanoparticles are retained after compounding with a given polymer matrix [bib14 bib15 bib16 bib17 bib18 bib19 bib20 bib21 bib22].', 'Nanoparticles have a strong tendency to agglomerate; hence, the homogeneous dispersion of nanoparticles in a polymer matrix is a major problem. The sol–gel process provides a method of preparation of inorganic metal oxides under rather mild conditions starting from organic metal alkoxides [bib23 bib24 bib25 bib26 bib27]. This permits structural variation without compositional alteration. In contrast, in situ polymerization is commonly used to prepare nanoparticle-filled composites with good dispersion, where the nanoparticles are first dispersed in the monomer; then, the mixture is polymerized using a technique similar to bulk polymerization [bib15 bib28]. In this work, we have prepared the PVC/calcium carbonate (CaCO3) nanocomposites by in situ polymerization of vinyl chloride (VC) in the presence of nanosized CaCO3 particles, and their rheological and mechanical properties are studied.']