[' ##2.1 MATERIALS Epoxy, one of the most widely used insulating materials in the electrical industry is used as the base polymer material in the present study. A Bisphenol-A epoxy resin (CY1300) along with hardener (HY956), supplied by Huntsman is used for the investigations. One of the advantages of this particular epoxy resin is that it doesn’t contain any fillers and it has a low initial viscosity. For processing a sample using this epoxy resin and hardener, 100 parts by weight of the CY1300 resin is mixed homogenously with 25 parts by weight of the HY956 hardener. As for the fillers, highly pure grades of commercially available uncoated particles of TiO2 [nano-filler size ≈ 50 nm, micron filler size ≈ 0.5 μm], Al2O3 [nano-filler size ≈ 45 nm, micron filler size ≈ 50-60 μm] and ZnO [nano-filler size ≈ 45- 70 nm] are procured from Sigma Aldrich and used for the experiments.  ##2.2 EPOXY NANOCOMPOSITE SYNTHESIS AND SAMPLE PREPARATION A processing method involving combination of two different techniques is used to prepare the nanocomposite samples with different fillers – high shear mechanical mixing at 700 rpm for 60 s followed by ultrasonication for 1 h [13]. These processing methods are preferred because they are not very complicated from laboratory processing point of view and commercially available polymers and particles could be mixed with ease to prepare a composite. In ultrasonication technique, the required quantity of inorganic fillers are mixed to the epoxy resin under normal hand stirring and then sonication is carried out in a water bath at a frequency of 24 kHz. With respect to the mechanical mixing method, the particles are mixed to the epoxy resin in a high shear mechanical mixer at a speed of 700 rpm. Before initiating the process to prepare nanocomposite samples, the epoxy resin and hardener are taken in two different beakers and they are both degassed at 40 °C for 2 h to remove trapped air bubbles and moisture. The TiO2 particles of both sizes are dried at 90 °C for 24 h. An important parameter during the experiments is the need for vacuum evacuation during polymer processing. The presence of air bubbles, moisture or other unintended matter in the polymer matrix can act as defects, which in turn can significantly influence the dielectric properties of the epoxy composites. During the composite preparation, air bubbles can get trapped in the material, especially during the mixing processes. To negate the influence of air bubbles on the dielectric measurements, degassing of the polymer-particle mix was carried out at several stages during processing, before the curing of the resin-particle-hardener mix is carried out. To begin with, approximately 40 ml of resin is poured into the mixer immediately after the degassing process and the required quantity of fillers (based on weight fractions) is slowly dispersed into the epoxy resin with continuous hand stirring. The mechanical mixer is then used at 700 rpm for 1 h. The resin-particle mix is then degassed till the air bubbles stopped coming out of the mix (around 5 minutes due to reduced viscosity of the mixture). Immediately after this degassing, 7 ml of mix (required for one sample preparation) each was poured into different smaller beakers and they are sonicated for the desired duration. Then, the appropriate amount of hardener is poured into the beaker, mixed vigorously with hand for few minutes and poured into the mold. The mold with the composite material is again degassed (to remove the air bubbles formed during hardener mixing) till the air bubbles fully stopped coming out of the material. The mold is then left for curing inside an oven at 60 °C for 4 h. The choice of curing temperature and time was considered based on the material specifications data sheet. For preparing the microcomposite samples, only mechanical mixing for a duration of 120 s was used for mixing the fillers to epoxy since it was found that a good dispersion could be obtained with this method. Samples of 75 mm diameter and 1 mm thickness were molded and then they are kept under vacuum desiccation for at least 24 h before the dielectric property measurements. The dispersion of fillers in the epoxy micro/nano composites were investigated by examining the sample crosssections under a JEOL field emission scanning electron microscope (FESEM). Samples of approximately 1 mm × 1 mm × 1 mm for microscopy are prepared by cutting the epoxy composites at different locations and analyzed. Representative SEM micrographs are shown in Figure 1 where the uniform dispersion of particles in the epoxy composites can be seen. The obtained nano-filler dispersion in the composite confirms the effectiveness of the two-step processing method for epoxy nanocomposite synthesis.  ##2.3 DSC MEASUREMENTS To analyze the material characteristics of nanocomposites, their glass transition temperatures (Tg) were measured using a Mettler Differential Scanning Calorimetry (DSC) equipment. The experiments were performed at 5 °C/minute rate of rise of temperature with scanning upto 200 °C. The Tg data reported in this paper are an average value of 3 measurements and the error in the measurement is around 1%.  ##2.4 DIELECTRIC PROPERTY MEASUREMENTS The dielectric properties of the epoxy micro/nano composites in the present study are measured using standard ASTM test procedures. Nanocomposite samples were prepared at least 24 h prior to the experiments and they are kept under vacuum evacuation before they are used for the measurements. Samples for the experiments are randomly picked from different batches of preparations spread over several days and all the measurements are performed at a temperature of 27 °C and at a relative humidity of 60%. The control of humidity is very important for dielectric measurements since nanocomposites are reported to absorb more moisture as compared to microcomposites/unfilled epoxy and there is a significant influence of this moisture on the dielectric properties [14]. In a similar work, absorbed water has also been found to influence the frequency behaviors of tan delta in epoxy-alumina nanocomposites [15]. As far as possible, the measurement environment is maintained constant so that they do not influence the results. Permittivity and tan delta measurements in the frequency range of 4×102-106 Hz are performed using an Agilent impedance analyzer with 16451B dielectric test fixture (Agilent, USA) and the data presented in this paper are an average value of 5 samples which were prepared over a period of one month. The error in the measurement is within 2%. For the dc volume resistivity measurements, a Keithley electrometer with 8009 resistivity measurement kit is used and a measurement protocol is followed. The readings are obtained under an applied voltage of 500 V dc. As per the protocol, a steady state value was deemed to have reached if the first digit after the decimal point for the current value does not change for more than 3 minutes. This level was reached within 20-30 minutes and this time in turn depends on the filler concentrations in the sample. The electrification time is maintained for 60 s. The values of volume resistivities obtained from the present experiments are presented as box and whisker plots. The dielectric strength measurements in the present study are performed using a breakdown test cell designed with the appropriate electrodes as per ASTM D149 and the breakdown tests are carried out in a medium of transformer oil. The electrodes (both top and bottom) are cylindrical electrodes of 25 mm diameter with edges rounded to 3.2 mm. Proper care was taken to ensure that the transformer oil used in the experiments are pure (moisture and particle free). The sample was placed between the electrodes and the ac (50 Hz) voltage was continuously increased at a speed of 500 V/s till the sample broke down. The breakdown voltage, V (kV) of the samples are recorded and the dielectric strength, E (kV/mm) was calculated as E=V/t, where t is the thickness of the sample in millimeters. The dielectric strength data from this study are again presented in the form of Weibull plots. ']