['EPOXY and epoxy based composites are preferred insulating materials for several electrical applications, especially printed circuit boards, bushings, GIS spacers, generator groundwall insulation system and cast resin transformers. Recently, epoxy based nanodielectric systems are being increasingly investigated for their electrical properties, since the introduction of nanofillers demonstrate several advantages in their properties when compared with the similar properties obtained for epoxy systems with micrometer sized fillers [1,2,3]. Several dielectric properties in epoxy nanocomposites have been evaluated in the last couple of years and the permittivity and tan delta values in nanocomposites are reported to be lower than that of base epoxy and microcomposites when insulating oxides are used as the fillers [1,3]. A similar reduction in the values of permittivity and tan delta were also observed when layered nanosilicates were dispersed in epoxy [4]. An epoxy nanocomposite system displays high permittivity at low frequencies and high electrical conductivities with low percolation thresholds when conducting fillers are dispersed [5]. With respect to the electrical breakdown characteristics in polymer nanocomposites, several reports are available on different polymeric systems. In epoxy nanocomposites filled with TiO2 fillers, the ac voltage endurance, short-term dc and ac dielectric strengths and impulse breakdown strengths are found to be higher as compared to microcomposites [6,7]. Similarly, a higher ac electrical breakdown time is recorded in epoxy composites with Al2O3 nano-fillers as compared to unfilled epoxy [8]. In another study on the electrical breakdown characteristics in SiO2 filled epoxy systems, it is seen that although the insulation breakdown strengths in nanocomposites are less than that of base epoxy, they can be higher if silane coated SiO2 nano-fillers are utilized [9]. These interesting observations in the electrical properties of epoxy nanocomposites are highly encouraging and they are mainly attributed to the unique properties of nanoparticles and the dynamics at the interfacial region [10,11,12]. It can be observed from the reported investigations mentioned in the previous paragraph that most of the studies on epoxy nanocomposites were performed at filler loadings of 1% and above. Since the surfaces of nanoparticles are highly active, a significant change in the electrical properties of the epoxy nanocomposites can also occur at very low nano-filler concentrations. With this expectation, this study attempts to analyze the electrical characteristics of epoxy nanocomposites at low nano-filler concentrations (≤ 5% by weight). The fillers considered for the investigations are TiO2, ZnO and Al2O3, the characteristics of which are mainly insulating in nature. The electrical properties under evaluation are the following: (a) dielectric permittivity and tan delta (4×102–106 Hz) [TiO2, ZnO]; (b) dc volume resistivity [TiO2, ZnO, Al2O3]; (c) ac dielectric strength [TiO2, Al2O3]. The nanocomposite electrical properties are compared and analyzed with respect to the corresponding properties obtained for unfilled base epoxy and epoxy microcomposites (wherever possible). ']