['The core/shell Ag@C particles were synthesized via a hydrothermal method [10]. 4 g glucose and 0.1 g poly(vinyl pyrrolidone) (PVP; weight-average molecular weight Mw = 1 300 000 g mol–1) were dissolved in 35 mL water to form a clear solution, followed by the addition of 0.5 mL AgNO3 (0.1 M) [14]. The solution was then sealed in a 40 mL Teflon-sealed autoclave. The autoclave was kept at 180 °C for 4 h. The final Ag@C products were obtained by centrifuging and washing in deionized water, alcohol and ethylene glycol monomethyl ether (EGME). The composite films were fabricated by solution processing. A certain amount of Ag@C particles dispersed in EGME were ultrasonicated to form a stable colloid, followed by adding a certain amount of resin (i.e., neopenthyl glycol diglycidyl ether) and stirring for 10 min. Then a little hardener (i.e., a blend of diethylenetriamine and 2-hydroxythyldiethylenetriamine) was added and the mixture was stirred for another 10 min. Finally, the resultant solution mixture was spin-cast onto the silicon substrates with a Pt bottom electrode, and then dried at 40 °C for 12 h to thoroughly evaporate the solvent and cure the epoxy matrix, yielding films with a thickness of ca. 85 lm. The densities of the resultant Ag@C particles were estimated to be about 8.7 and 6.7 g cm–3 for the thinner- and thicker-shell particles, respectively, by using the densities of silver (10.5 g cm–3) and the carbonaceous shell (1.5 g cm–3), and the geometric sizes of the core and the shell. The volume fractions were determined from the weight fractions by using the density values. For electrical measurements, top Pt electrodes with a diameter of 1 mm were deposited onto the film surface. The electric responses of the composite films were measured using a HP 4194A impedance analyzer in the frequency range of 100 Hz–30 MHz. The microstructures of the nanoparticles and the composite films were characterized by using X-ray diffraction, TEM, and Raman spectroscopy. The current– voltage (I–V) curve was obtained using a Keithley 2410 SourceMeter.']