['Carbon fiber is a commonly used reinforcement filler in many matrices, such as polymers, metals and ceramic materials. The sp2 carbon–carbon bond in the basal plane of graphite is among the strongest of all chemical bonds, making graphite very useful as a structural material. Carbon fibers are also widely employed as components of composite materials in applications ranging from golf clubs to military aircrafts. Compared to carbon fibers, carbon nanotubes have a larger aspect ratio, higher modulus and lower density [BIB1]. Thus the properties of carbon nanotube composites have attracted much attention, both from the point of view of scientific interest and practical applications [BIB2 BIB3 BIB4 BIB5 BIB6 BIB7 BIB8 BIB9 BIB10 BIB11 BIB12 BIB13 BIB14 BIB15 BIB16 BIB17 BIB18 BIB19].', "Theoretical prediction has suggested that Young's modulus of single-walled carbon nanotubes is as high as 1 TPa [BIB20]. Using various experimental techniques, multi-walled carbon nanotubes (MWNTs) have been found to have an axial Young's modulus of 200–4000 GPa, a bending strength of 14 GPa and an axial compression strength of about 100 GPa [BIB21 BIB22 BIB23 BIB24 BIB25 BIB26]. Yu et al. [BIB27 BIB28] recently measured the tensile properties of MWNTs using a nanostressing stage located within a scanning electron microscope. The MWNTs were found to break in the outermost layer. The tensile strength and Young's modulus of the outermost layer are in the range 11–63 and 270–950 GPa, respectively. The stiffness and the high strength of carbon nanotubes make them potential reinforcing fillers for high-strength materials. However, the outstanding mechanical properties of carbon nanotubes will be of little value unless they can be incorporated into a matrix. Two methods are commonly used to fabricate polymer/carbon nanotube composites: in situ polymerization in the presence of nanotubes and solution mixing. The main issue in the fabrication of carbon nanotube composites is to avoid the agglomeration of nanotubes in the polymer matrix. Shaffer and Windle [BIB13] recently reported the fabrication of carbon nanotube/poly(vinyl alcohol) (PVA) composites by solution mixing. To prevent agglomeration, the nanotubes were chemically treated to produce an electrostatically stabilized dispersion which was then mixed with aqueous PVA solutions. As shown by thermogravimetric analysis (TGA) and dynamic mechanical analysis (DMA), the incorporation of carbon nanotubes stiffens the PVA matrix and in some cases delays the onset of thermal degradation. Gong et al. [BIB15] fabricated carbon nanotube/epoxy composites assisted by a surfactant. The composites were prepared by curing mixtures of carbon nanotubes and bisphenol A epoxy resin in the presence of the surfactant. DMA showed that the glass transition temperature and elastic modulus of the material are significantly increased by the presence of carbon nanotubes.", 'Poly(methyl methacrylate) (PMMA) is a commonly used thermoplastic matrix for carbon fiber. There have been several studies on carbon nanotube/PMMA composites prepared by in situ polymerization [BIB14] or solution mixing [BIB9 BIB16] and characterized by TEM and Raman spectroscopy. However, there have been no reports on the fabrication of MWNT/PMMA composites by melt blending, an industrial process for fabricating carbon fiber-reinforced thermoplastic composites.', 'Here we report the fabrication of PMMA/MWNT composites by melt blending. The nanotubes are well dispersed in the PMMA matrix, as shown by TEM. The thermal stability and mechanical behavior of the composites were studied using TGA and DMA.']