['Electronic systems are composed of active and passive components. Passive components include resistor, capacitor, and inductor [bib1]. In recent years, there is an increasing interest in passive components because the number of (occupying more than 70% real estate of substrate) passive components is steadily growing as a rapid progress of the electronic technology. Among passive components, special interest is focused on capacitors because they are used for various functions, such as decoupling, by-passing, filtering, and timing capacitors. Materials with relative dielectric permittivity in the range of 25–170 are required because of the development of advanced decoupling capacitor in order to reduce the power distribution noise [bib2]. Ferroelectric ceramic/polymer composite materials have been considered for this type of capacitor, since the combination of polymer and ceramic may give the composites some advantages from both sides by a careful design and preparation [bib3 bib4 bib5 bib6 bib7 bib8 bib9].', 'Although the composites employing conductive filler have made a promising progress in the dielectric property, ceramic/polymer composites are still attractive to researchers because of simple and convenient process, cheap cost, excellent property and outstanding compatibility with printed wiring board (PWB), such as lower dielectric loss, lower conductivity and leakage current. In these studies [bib6 bib7 bib8 bib9 bib10 bib11], different systems have been demonstrated in order to obtain the desirable dielectric properties. The agglomeration and size of the BaTiO3 particles in the composites are considered to play an important effect on deciding the final dielectric property. To eliminate the agglomeration of ceramic particles with high dielectric permittivity, a few kinds of surface treatment agents (coupling agents and dispersants) are often used to disperse the ceramic particles into polymer matrix, which have been confirmed as an effective method to improve the dispersion of ceramic powders and the packing density of composites since the use of treatment agents can strengthen the interaction between ceramic phase and polymer one [bib3 bib4 bib5]. In addition, to reach well balanced properties between high dielectric permittivity and low loss tangent, the particle size ranging from 0.5μm to 0.7μm in diameter is often chose for embedded capacitors. Very recently, nanosized ceramic powders have also been utilized in order to increase the packing density, which will further result in an increase in dielectric permittivity and a decrease in film thickness of ceramic/polymer composites used in the embedded capacitor [bib6 bib7 bib8]. Dielectric permittivity of 90 of composites with epoxy as matrix was obtained using 100nm BaTiO3 and another 916nm BaTiO3 power mixture. To address this issue, ceramic/polymer has been evaluated as candidate dielectric materials for new-type capacitor.', 'In this study, effect of BaTiO3 size and use of coupling treatment agents on microstructures and dielectric properties of the BaTiO3/EPR composites was investigated via a wide range of frequency and temperature. The results will be helpful to realize the use of this kind of EPR matrix composites with high dielectric permittivity in the embedded capacitor fields.']