['The core/shell-structured Ag@C particles were synthesized via a hydrothermal method [18]. The thickness and feature of the shells can be modified by controlling the processing. Glucose (4 g) was dissolved and stirred to form a clear solution either with or without poly(vinyl pyrrolidone) (PVP, molecular weight: 1 300 000, Alfa Aesar), followed by the addition of 0.5 mL, 0.1M AgNO3. The solution was then transferred and sealed in a 40 mL Teflon-sealed autoclave. The autoclave was kept at 180 °C for 3–4 h and cooled in air naturally. The addition of PVP reduces the thickness and conductivity of the shells of the Ag@C particles compared with those particles without PVP in their shells. The final products were separated from the reaction medium by centrifuging and rinsed in three cycles of centrifuging/washing/redispersion in deionized water, alcohol, and ethylene glycol monomethyl ether (EGME). The particles were dispersed in EGME after rinsing. The nanocomposite films were fabricated on silicon substrates with a platinum bottom electrode for electrical measurement, by solution-processing. Certain amount of Ag@C nanoparticles were ultrasonicated in EGME to form a stable colloid, followed by the addition of resin, and stirring for 10–15 min. Afterwards, a certain amount of hardener was added and the mixture was stirred for another 10 min. Finally, an appropriate amount of the resultant solution mixture was dropped on the substrates to obtain film of about 80 lm in thickness. The nanocomposite films were dried to thoroughly evaporate the solvent and cure the epoxy matrix. We used the cured epoxy density along with the calculated density value for Ag@C nanoparticles to convert from units of weight percent to volume fraction. The dielectric responses of the nanocomposite films were measured using a HP 4194A impedance analyzer. The microstructures of the nanoparticles and films were characterized by using X-ray diffraction (XRD), transmission electron microscopy (TEM), and Raman spectroscopy. The current–voltage (I–V) curves of the films were tested by a Keithley 2410 source meter.']