['Polymer nanocomposites have drawn intensive interest in recent years. Their advantages, such as flexibility, easy processing, and tunable properties, make them potentially applicable in various fields.[1–3] Because of their flexibility and good compatibility with organic printed circuit boards (PCBs), polymer nanocomposites with high dielectric constant are promising candidates as dielectrics in the embedded passive-component technology,[4–6] by which the capacitors are embedded into the PCBs without occupying the surface area of the integrated circuit boards. Many efforts have been made to prepare polymerbased composites with high dielectric constants. One approach is to disperse ceramic powders with high dielectric constants, for example, barium titanate, lead zirconate titanate, or lead magnesium niobate titanate–lead titanate,[7–9] into the polymer matrix to enhance the dielectric constant. High content of ceramic powders, usually over 50 vol %, in the polymer composites can enhance the dielectric constant but also makes the polymer matrix lose its flexibility and deteriorates the adaptability between the composites and the PCBs. On the other hand, the enhancement in the dielectric constant of such ceramic– polymer composites is limited even at very high ceramic loading. To substantially increase the dielectric constant of the polymer by using a small amount of filler, another strategy has been developed, namely, to fabricate percolative capacitors by using conductive fillers (e.g., metal particles). As the volume fraction f of the conductive fillers increases to the vicinity of the percolation threshold fc (usually < 0.2), where the fillers connect with each other to form a continuous conducting path, the dielectric constant ε of the composites can be enhanced as described by the power law:[10] ε∝εm|f–fc|–s (1) where εm is the dielectric constant of the matrix and s is an exponent of about 1. Largely enhanced dielectric constants have been observed in many such percolative systems. For instance, Dang et al.[11] observed ε of about 400 in a Ni–polyvinylidene fluoride composite. Huang et al.[12] recently reported a greatly enhanced ε of about 800 in an all-organic Cu-Pc/PANI/PU (Pc: Phthalocyanine; PANI: polyaniline; PU: polyurethane) threephase system. However, due to the insulator–conductor transition at the percolation threshold, the dielectric loss of these percolative composites also jumps to high values in the vicinity of the percolation threshold, which counteracts the benefits of the enhancement in the dielectric constants. Recently, some attempts have been made to reduce the dielectric loss by introducing interlayers or shells between the conductive fillers; thus, the fillers can be prevented from contacting with each other directly. Low dielectric loss was achieved by this means, but the dielectric constants also dropped as f increased just beyond fc because of voiding.[13,14] In this Full Paper, we prepared percolative nanocomposites by employing core/shell-structured particles, having Ag cores coated by organic carbonaceous shells (denoted as Ag@C), as fillers and epoxy as the polymer matrix. All nanocomposite films were fabricated from solution.[15] Our results demonstrate that the dielectric constants of the nanocomposites can be tuned by using core/shell nanoparticles with different thicknesses of the carbonaceous shells, and that the electrical properties of the shells have a significant (dominative) effect on the dielectric properties of the composites. Experiment and theory illustrate that the dielectric constant of such nanocomposites can be made to be almost independent of the frequency in a very wide frequency range. Core/shell nanoparticles with metal cores and dielectric shells are ideal candidates to be used as fillers in percolative composites as illustrated most recently,[15] in that they provide not only a barrier layer between the conductive fillers but also the possibility of tuning the dielectric properties. Easy processibility of core/shell nanoparticles has paved the way for the application of core/shell nanoparticles[16,17] in percolative composites. ']